## Changelog:
```
v2.3.7
Saftey checks around Devotion; Sometimes broke Waves ending causing softlocks.
Nerfed Equipment Drone wave
Removed Skin mod as dependency. (Originally designed together but not needed together)


v2.3.6 -
Fixed for 1.3.7 (False Son Patch)
Added some extra checks in hopes of waves softlocking less. 
-(If this happens, include a log in the report, because I can't just predict what is wrong)

v2.3.5 - 
Fixed for Patch for 1.3.6
Added Twisted Wave.
Replacement Knockback Fin Wave.
Simu Commencement now has moon gravity.

v2.3.4
Fixed ShareSuit lowering Simu interactable amount by A lot.
If ShareSuit is installed, no longer adds extra credits per player in Simu.
Added more buttons for wave high score management config.

v2.3.3
"Void Coin or Blood" blood purchases can now be blocked.
Fixed multiple potentials dropping if ShareSuit is installed. 
Fixed waves with bonus rewards dropping one for every player if ShareSuit is installed.


v2.3.2 - Quick Fix for 1.3.5
Added Augment of Shuriken
Added Augment of Elixir
Added Augment of Meridian


v2.3.1 - Fixed an issue with the file structure causing mod to not function.
v2.3.0
Made language file so mod can be translated.
Put textures in AssetBundle

Made Base Radius 5 bigger.
Made Reality Radius another 5 bigger.
Made Radius on waves with larger radius bigger.
Made Equipment Drones immune to Void Fog. (In simu)
Made Equipment Drones have more HP (In simu)
Reallowed Spare Drone Parts as per request.
Added False Son music to False Son Wave.
Made Devotion Lemurians evolve even without Devotion active.
Made Devotion Lemurians start with 50% more health (In Simu)
Removed Augment of Delusion ; Delusion only tracks when it's enabled so kind of can't activate if mid stage.

Fixed Radius staying small boss wave ended when the radius was shrunken.
Hopefully Fixed Voidling Wave sometimes just not spawning.
Fixed Pulse Waves sometimes never activating.
Fixed Final Boss wave bypassing DLC requirement, allowing False Son Final Boss wave without DLC2.
Fixed All Devestators dropping Deep Devestator log.


v2.2.0
Large Radius Waves wont instantly snap to a smaller radius when a smaller one is set.
Added last wave encountered to game over screen.
Added a button reset wave count of specific survivors. (Disabled by default, can be enabled in Risk of Options)

Artifact of Reality : 
-Loop enemies will start appearing wave 20+ like in regular Simu.
-Increased Radius by 5 while fighting and keep full size when travelling since vanilla stages aren't as Simu friendly.
-Allowed Treeborn Colony, Helminth Roost, Void Fields and Void Locust as stages.
--Made stages that are normally in Simu a bit less common.
-Stages won't be repeated in a run.
-Made lighting less blinding on some stages.

Spawn Pools : 
--Added Chance Shrines to Sanctuary & Depths for better Chance Doll support.
--Added Child Simu-Plains.  								(To mirror other Stage 1s)
--Added Bison, Parent and Grandparent to Plains Wave 20+. 	(To mirror Disturbed Impact)
--Added Larva to Simu-Depths Wave 20+.  					(To mirror other Stage 4s)
--Made the Halcyionites Wave 20+ instead of Wave 30+.
(Idk why Simu Stages mix and match enemies from the same stage number but it just do)
 
Added Config for Crab Radius.
Fixed some enemy additions not being ported to the dlc2 pool.
Fixed water in Simu-Sanctuary looking jank.
Fixed Simu-Plains music track not being set anymore
 
Augments :
--Buffed Guap health and made him immune to execution.
--Nerfed Augment of Lunar Exploders
--Nerfed Cooldown on AWU Ghost & Super Void Devestator
--Nerfed Augment of Attracion sucktion force.
--Nerfed Glowing Meteorite Drone cooldown
--Double Artifact Augment now shows Artifacts in pop-up
--Halcyon & False Son wave now reward a Aurelionite Fragment
--Less preference for Elites


v2.1.1
Fixed an issue where certain waves didn't end properly because vanilla code bugged TrueKill (Incin Wave, probably another)
Fixed an issue with skills of certain special spawns not getting disabled.
Reverted Augment of Design change

v2.1.0 - Config & Feedback
!Added Autogenerated Wave Config

If you do disable a wave because you think it's too strong, I'd still like the feedback.
Often a wave could very well be too strong or not easily understood by players who never saw it before. 
But it's certainly been long enough to add full config.
And a auto generated one also means I don't have to add like a 120 individual configs.
(Technically does not remove them, just sets them to weight of 0 which should stop them from appearing)

Augments Nerfs
-Saftey: nerfed scaling and clarified description.
-Slippery: less slippery
-Family events: hopefully prevented enemies spawning really slowly sometimes.
-Implosions : spawns a little less imploders
-Haunting : Ghosts won't have bonus attack speed.
-Lowered enemy amount on super boss waves.

Item Pools
-Family waves drop less boss items.
-"Category fitting" waves no longer have increased yellow rated
-AIBlacklisted Singularity Band
-Removed Halcyon Seed from drop table. (I did make it work for the previous version fo the mod, but I don't like it in this game mode)

Removed Halcyon Shrine when Reality is enabled.
Fixed Artifact of Reality not removing Random Stage Order when run ends.
Fixed "orange item tier" Potentials not giving equipments with Command. 
Fixed starting with 1 Void Coin if Void Coin disabled.

Known Issues
-The game seems to struggle with family events with less expensive monsters. (A lot of people don't get tp bosses during family events)
-The games RNG sometimes gives the same wave a unusual amount of times. (People say RNG got worse with Sots)
-Ever since Sots there might be a lot of stutter when a wave ends + new one starts. (No idea why)


v2.0.0 - Sots
Updated to Seekers of the Storm
-Unstable Transmitter will now teleport you to the void crab (like falling off the map would)
--This could save you from being in the fog too long.
-AIBlacklisted Shuriken
-Added proper AI Blacklist to new items
-Added Boss Augment of False Son
-Added Boss Augment of Halcyionite
-Added Augment of Knockback
-Volcanic Egg Equipment drone less damage, more equipment cooldown. (More of a movement nuisance than killing you)


v1.10.0
Added Augment of Delusion
Added Augment of Devotion
Artifact of Devotion : Now works in Simulacrum
-Lemurian Eggs now spawn as random interactables. (As there are no drones)
-Lemurians are now immune to void damage.
-Lemurians evolve after every boss wave.
--(To be determined if they have too little health and other balance concerns)

Augment of Cell Breach :
-Sizing of enemies was broken, all enemies were scaled to 2 while the evil character was scaled to 0.
-Removed the 1 Weeping Fungus and 1 Safer Spaces from the character.
-No longer gets Blackhole on wave 35+


v1.9.4
-Augment of Malachite, Flight will spawn less small enemies.
-Augment of Malachite, Swarms spawn less enemies.
-Augment of Gummy now disables Swarms due to Swarms not working properly with enemy Gummies.
-Fixed issue where Boss Augment of Flames wouldn't end.
-Blacklisted Squid Polyp

v1.9.3
-Added Augment of Frenzy
-Added Augment of Tonic
-Added Augment of Gummy
-Added Augment of Mending
-Added Augment of Ice
-Added Augment of Big
-Added Augment of Small
-Added Augment of Invisibility
-Added Augment of Nova
-Added Augment of Reliquary
-Added Augment of Bounciness
-Added Boss only bosses Augment
-Added Boss all enemies Augment
-Added Boss lunar+void elites Augment
-Added Boss Augment of Leeching
-Added Boss 2 artifacts Augment
-Changed Behemoth Augment to be a boss augment and reduced damage by 50%.
-Removed/Replaced Drone Family wave, with boss wave with flame drones as support as they're really the only fun ones to fight.
-Gave the Empyrean wave spawn the armor/attack speed/cooldown stat boosts they lacked.

-Changed Director max spawn distance to always match radius
-Ghost Elder Lemurian and Mithrix are slower.
-Honor Augments have 30% less enemies, less damage, a large radius, and starts occuring later.
-Boss Irradiance  Augment has 30% less enemies and 60% less damage.
-Perfection Augment will have slightly less perfected elites.
-Dead Mithrix wave will deal less damage and hurts enemies now.
-Boss Equipment wave now has one less equipment drone.

v1.9.2
The Focus will no longer leave automatically after the mid-stage boss wave, instead it waits until you give it permission to leave.
--This should help in multiplayer so everyone can regroup and get their loot. 
--And also in case any printing needs to be done.

-Fixed new Abyssal Geysers not being there for Clients.
-Fixed Empyrean wave giving lunar loot and the spawn not having multiplied hp in multiplayer.
-Limited Ghost Vagrant Explode to 1 and made extra delay less severe.
-Increased Ghost Boss wave radius again.
-Made crab move slightly slower between waves.
-Fixed issue where Lepton heal radius doesn't match crab radius.

v1.9.1
-Added Augment of Emyprean for SS2 users.
-Default zone radius increased from 60 to 65-80 depending on player count.
-Increased size of Void Potential collider for easier pinging and reaching.
-Moved up Effigy/Meteor clean up to be after the enemies die instead of when the next wave starts.
-Added two Geysers to IT-Abyssal Depths (Bottom to Island 2, Bottom to Side Ridge)
-Added VanillaArtifactsPlus as a dependency for various balance reasons.

-Nerfed Guap Attack Speed, Damage and Cooldown
-Nerfed Deepened Void Devestator stats and scaling.
-Equipment/Ghost/P5 Mithrix wave spawn 2 starting wave 30 instead of 25 and are all limited to 2 now.
-Ghost Void Jailer and Ghost Bosses now have less attack speed and damage.
-Ghost Bosses can do certain attacks only once (Sun)
-Ghost Grandparent Sun and Vagrant explode channeling take a lot longer now.
-Equipment Molotov and Meteor drone will deal less damage.
-Equipment drones leave broken ones for use again to get rid of excess equipment and for the funny.
-Nerfed Slippery debuff slightly
-Changed Void Barnacle type so they should spawn on the floor and Less Devestators in IT-Moon
-Vengance Augment no longer has the artifact enabled for simplicity.
-Blacklisted Voidsent Flame. 

-Fixed bug where SS2 Drones still spawned with Artifact of Real

v1.9.0 : General nerf update
-A lot of special waves no longer have about 15% more enemies than a default wave.
-Wave 5/10 Boss wave spawn ~20% less enemies.
-Slightly less elite chance scaling

-Infinite dying Lunar Exploders are now visible no longer spawn in the air.
-Dead Mithrix wave will deal less damage.
-Egg and Vending machine Equipment drones deal less damage.
-Equipment Drones waves clean up Lunar Effigies/Meteor storms when the next wave begins.
-Enemy fuel arrays will deal a survivavable amount of damage now (50% of commando hp based on player level).
-Augment of Swarms will have 3x enemies instead of 4x
-Drone family wave damage nerf
-Worms family wave less enemies, no guaranteed elite worms, no guaranteed perferator.

-Fixed Artifact of Real not changing the weather or Newts for clients.
-Fixed Orange Potentials not being Orange on Clients
-Fixed Twisted Scavengers in the normal game getting Adaptive Armor instead of just in Simu.
-ReAdds Lunar/Void Family and Mithrix boss waves if Judgement is installed.

v1.8.3
-Void Potentials will show their contents in a ping message.
--Requested for more easily distributing them in multiplayer.

-Wave 5/10 should have less enemies at the start
-Removed Alienhead from Boss Horror
-Boss Equipment Drone wave will always be 2 different equipment again
-Bit less basic special waves
-Simu Ending counts as win again

v1.8.2
-Added Artifact of Reality 
--Use normal stages instead of Simulacrum Stages
--Kind of a joke but still an interesting experiment

-Moved skins into it's own mod and added that mod as a dependency (so downloaded automatically).
-Won't have boss waves every 2nd wave if Judgement is installed. (they still gotta fix their mod ideally)

v1.8.1
-Added 1 more Commando & Bandit based on more weird RoRR recolors.
-Pink Huntress Arrow Rain is now pink
-Fixed a bug if other mods made boss waves happen earlier than wave 5.

v1.8.0
Added 22 skin recolors mostly based on RoRR alt palettes as rewards for beating Simulacrum wave 50 or Voidling.
Even if basic still serves as a neat reward.

-Commando 	  (Unused SotV skin)
-Captain x2	  (Moved from LittleGameplayTweaks)
-REX 		  (Moved from LittleGameplayTweaks)
-Bandit 	  (Moved from LittleGameplayTweaks)
-Engineer 	  (RoRR alt color)
-Mult x2		
-Artificer x2 (RoRR alt color)
-Huntress 	  (RoRR alt color)
-Acrid 		  (RoRR alt color)
-CHEF x2	  (RoRR alt color)
-HAN-D x2	  (RoRR alt color)
-Loader		  (RoRR alt color)
-Mercenary x2 (RoRR alt color)
-Void Fiend x2
-Railgunner

-Ending no longer counts as Win so it won't give Masteries
-All Super bosses now have Adaptive Armor and aim for the same HP value (+Scav/Twisted, -Devestator)
--Super Bosses get less bonus damage (like half)
--Super Boss waves will get half the scaling if not on a forced wave

-Fixed Vanilla bug where Clients would often not see enemy indicators.

v1.7.3
-Rarer to get multiple of the same ghost and limited ghosts to 3.
-Adjusted Drone Family wave HP/Damage so it should be less long
--Slightly higher damage, less hp, less hp in multiplayer
--(Mostly a joke wave, hard to make good but rather too short than too long but I guess tbd)
-Nerfed Healing Equipment Drone Again (10.3s cooldown increased to 32.8s)

-Less "less" time between waves in multiplayer (ie -0.8 seconds at 2 players instead of -1)
-Made Crab Speed slightly slower on stage4+

-Items every 8 waves and items more frequently are now 2 configs.
-Enemies won't be given stacks of items on very late waves anymore.
-Actually changed default values for Ending Portal/Super Boss to 50 (whoops)

v1.7.2
-Augment of Sulfur
-Pot augment
-Augment of Brigade+Honor
-Waves with 2 rewards will now shoot one reward further away
-Nerfed Sacrifice in Simulacrum
--Only get 2 options per Potential
--Less items from enemies (30% less, you still get way too many)
--Void Chests can rarely spawn now.
-Fixed "simulacrum ending" showing the ending cutscene.
-Fixed issue with super boss waves getting far too many credits on very late waves
-Fixed a issue with Boss Infestation augment causing too many infestors.
-Nerfed Healing Equipment Drone Again
-Made Boss Augments more common

v1.7.1
-Augment of Misfortune
-Augment of Implosion
-Augment of Blaze 

v1.7.0
-Artifact of Augments
--All waves will be augmented waves
--Only available in Simulacrum
-Equipment Drone waves no longer leave broken drones,
-Equipment Drone waves announce what equipment is being used
-Made Guap slightly smaller as his sheer size caused some issues
-Music during super boss waves. (to be determined how well this actually fits)
-* Allowed Squid Polyp, Defiant Gauge and Spare Drone Parts as items

-Fixed ITMoon Ramps/Circle not being enabled on client
-Fixed Radius increases not visually working on clients
-Fixed Vanilla bug where Clients won't teleport to the Crab when falling off stage.
-Special Bosses no longer scale extra hard on multiplayer
-Less Void Coin in multiplayer

-Waves
--Minimum Wave requirement for most super boss waves increased.
--Special Waves get even more common past wave 30/50
--Eclipse8 Boss Augment
--Drone Family Boss Augment
--Irradiant Boss Aumgment
--Slippery Ground Augment
--Pulse Waves
---Augment of Design (Pillar)
---Augment of Nullification
---Augment of Attraction
---Augment of Poison

v1.6.4
-Fixed start up error related to mod support.
-Void Cradles won't change their cost if BetterVoid is installed.
-Slightly more interactables (in general)

v1.6.3  
-Fixed an error on run start caused by unknown incompatibility.
-ITMoon now always has Void Barnacles and Reavers in the spawn pool instead of only wave31+.
-Various wave adjusments.
-Safer Spaces Augment.
-Less Void Coin later on.
-Earlier stages wont get bonus interactables, instead just more gold is given earlier on.

v1.6.2  
Left only special waves on by accident.  

v1.6.1 - (Surprised this took a week to be reported)  
-Fixed multiplayer not spawning clients properly.  
-Fixed certain waves not being network spawnable.  
--Needed to change a fair amount of stuff for this hopefully nothing weird happens.  
-Boss Augment of Haunting bigger radius  

v1.6.0   
-Rare chance for enemies to get void items.  
-ITMoon enabled unused like border or smth I think it looks cool.  
-Fixed ITSand Interactables    
-Halcyon Seed now works in Simulacrum and is in the boss pool.  
-Add previously unused Void Coin/Void Marker  
--Use Void Coin as an alternative to Blood.  
--Drops like Lunar Coins and from Void Barrels.  
--Should make it easier to get voids early on, in exchange the damage can no longer be blocked.   

-Balance  
--Enemies should be a bit less overwhelming on stage 1.  
--Enemies spawn slightly faster after wave 20;    
--Boss waves in general spawn enemies faster / Go on for less time.    

-Augments   
--Adjustments  
---Horror now dies on wave end instead of after a duration.  
---Multiple Horrors now spawn on later waves  
---Equipment Drones are now invulnerable and die on wave end.  
--Acid Larva Family Augment  
--Quick Wave  
--Augment of Caffeine  
--Augment of Detonation  
--Augment of Hoarding  
--Augment of Blindness  
--Augment of Battery  
--Augment of Flowers  
--Boss Augment of Cell Breach (Acrid and stuff)  


v1.5.0 - Cleanup && Mod Split  
-Augments   
--Augment of Honor for basic waves  
--Augment of Swarms for basic waves  
--Augment of Heresy  
--Augment of Flight  
--Augment of Moon/Void Family for basic waves as late waves  
--Augment of Malachite  
--Augment of the Equipment Drone  
--Augment of Haunting   
--Boss Augment of Haunting  
--Boss Augment of the Mountain    
--Boss Augment of Kin     
--Boss Augment of Dissonance     
--Boss Augment of the Giant (Gup)    
--Boss Augment of the Devastator   
--Boss Augment of Wurms Family (if LittleGameplayTweaks)  
--Augment of Cognation (if StarStorm2)  
--Boss Augment of the Direseeker (if Miner or Direseeker mod)  

-Simulacrum Balance  
--Ending Portal starts at wave 50 and happens every stage now.  
--Super Boss is on wave 50 now.    
--After Wave 50 more special waves.  
--Only 20 Enemies can be alive at a time instead of 30. (Helps with lag and small enemy spam)  
--Later waves spend more credits at the start. Spawning more dangerous enemies and making them quicker.  
--Elites cost less on later waves  
--Crab travels faster on later stages  
--Less time between waves per stages completed  
--Enemies gain items every 8 waves.  
--Enemies gain more items and more frequently on later waves  
--Boss Augment of the Moon now drops a Green too.  

-General  
--Allow Fireworks in Simu (Mostly for VanillaVoids)  
--Warbanner on boss wave  
--Void Potentials have their tiers particles now.  
--Void Potential Chests can now drop items from any tier.  